Possibility to initialize all `PositionComponent`s from `onLoad` (#1113)
flame-engine/flame: doc/components.md

All components inherit from the abstract class `Component`.

If you want to skip reading about abstract classes you can jump directly to

> [](#positioncomponent).

Reviewer: Is this intentional?

Author: Yes, it takes the title of the section and puts it there when it is rendered. :)

Reviewer: Interesting!

## PositionComponent

This class represent a positioned object on the screen, being a floating rectangle or a rotating
sprite. It can also represent a group of positioned components if children are added to it.

The base of the `PositionComponent` is that it has a `position`, `size`, `scale`, `angle` and
`anchor` which transforms how the component is rendered.

### Position

> The `position` is just a `Vector2` which represents the position of the component in relation to its
> parent, if the parent is a `FlameGame` it is in relation to the viewport.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `position` is just a `Vector2` which represents the position of the component's anchor in relation to its
parent; if the parent is a `FlameGame`, it is in relation to the viewport.
```

### Size

> The `size` is the size of the component when the zoom level of the camera is 1.0 (no zoom, default).
> The `size` is not in relation to the parent of the component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `size` of the component when the zoom level of the camera is 1.0 (no zoom, default).
The `size` is *not* in relation to the parent of the component.
```

> The `size` is not set in relation to the parent of the component.its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `size` is not set in relation to the parent of the component.
```

### Scale

> The `scale` is how much the component and its children should be scaled and since it is represented
> by a `Vector2` you can scale in uniform way by changing `x` and `y` with the same amount, if you
> want to scale in a non-uniform way, change `x` or `y` more than the other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `scale` is how much the component and its children should be scaled. Since it is represented
by a `Vector2`, you can scale in a uniform way by changing `x` and `y` with the same amount, or in a non-uniform way, by change `x` or `y` by different amounts.
```

### Angle

> The `angle` is the angle represented as a double in radians and it is relative to the parents angle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `angle` is the rotation angle around the anchor, represented as a double in radians. It is relative to the parent's angle.
```

### Anchor

The `anchor` is where on the component that the position and rotation should be defined from (the
default is `Anchor.topLeft`). So if you have the anchor set as `Anchor.center` the component's
position on the screen will be in the center of the component and if an `angle` is applied, it is

> rotated around the anchor, so in this case around the center of the component.

Reviewer 2: I find this analogy to be useful for understanding:

```suggestion
rotated around the anchor, so in this case around the center of the component. You can think of it as the point within the component by which Flame "grabs" it.
```

### PositionComponent children

All children of the `PositionComponent` will be transformed in relation to the parent, which means
that the `position`, `angle` and `scale` will be relative to the parents state.

> So if you for example want to position a child 50 logical pixels above the center of the parent you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So if you, for example, wanted to position a child 50 logical pixels above the center of the parent you
```

would do this:

```
final parent = PositionComponent(
  position: Vector2(100, 100),
  size: Vector2(100, 100),
  anchor: Anchor.center,
);
final child = PositionComponent(position: Vector2(0, -50));
parent.add(child);
```

> Remember that almost all components that are rendered on the screen are `PositionComponent`s, so

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember that most components that are rendered on the screen are `PositionComponent`s, so
```

> this pattern can be used in for example [](#spritecomponent) and [](#spriteanimationcomponent) too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this pattern can be used in for example [SpriteComponent](#spritecomponent) and [SpriteAnimationComponent](#spriteanimationcomponent) too.
```
